For this exercise, you are asked to build
a regression model to predict resting blood pressure,
which is the trestbps field in this data set.
This exercise combine what you learned and allowed you to use
the TensorFlow DenseFeatures as well as use
the age and sex features to create a TensorFlow cross feature.
So across feature is,
just as it sounds,
combining two features together.
You're also asked to evaluate with common regression and classification metrics.
Also to know, you're not required to create a ROC or PR curve because
this is a regression model and we just ended up converting to have a binary output,
and we do not provide the confidence in a given binary prediction because of that.
Now let's move to the first part where we loaded the dataset and combine
two UCI heart disease sites into one dataset.
So this should look familiar to you.
We're combining the Cleveland dataset with the Swiss dataset into one combined dataset.
So now we'll move to the solution.
Note that the dataset has only three features.
For the solution we provide,
there are other important features you can use to improve your model's performance.
This is largely just to walk through the step-by-step on how to
use TensorFlow's functionality to create a model.
So first, we select these four features.
Just remember, trestbps is the predictor label.
We'll also pick these other two features because later
we can use these if we want for demographic analysis.
Then next we'll do the conversion from the numbers
to actual strings for male and female, for gender.
Then the next step,
we have to analyze how many rows have at least a single null value.
In this case, luckily,
there's only two rows.
So instead of going through anything complicated with imputation,
we'll just remove those two rows here.
So now that we have a clean dataset ready for modeling,
we do have to do a couple of things where we cast
a couple fields that have numeric values into integers.
Then we use methods that we should be familiar with before,
where we load up the dataset in pandas and convert it to a TensorFlow dataset then
split it between train and test and build those train test TensorFlow datasets.
Then the next step,
we need to actually build a bucketed feature from the age field.
Notice that we don't normalize this feature because we will
use that unnormalized numeric feature as an input to bucket it.
If you recall from what we learned earlier,
we can set the boundaries for where we want these buckets to have a range from.
Next, we move on to creating a categorical feature from the sex field or gender field.
In this case, since there aren't many unique values for sex,
we just use this categorical column with vocab list function.
We also provide a one-hot encoded version of this feature.
So one of the exciting functionalities that you have in
TensorFlow feature column API is the ability to make cross features rather easily.
As we just went over,
we created a bucketed age feature as well as a vocab feature for gender.
Notice that we use the vocab feature.
We don't use the one-hot encoded feature,
and we can use those to make a cross-feature.
So here's the first part of that.
Notice though we also have a hash bucket size,
because there could be a very large number of combinations.
We use a hash bucket to limit that,
so it doesn't increase the computation to an excessive level.
Next, we take this cross feature and then we make it one-hot encoded.
Then you should be familiar with this step.
We use the TensorFlow DenseFeatures to take the input
features we just created and create a dense vector for our model.
This should be familiar to what we went over earlier, nothing unique.
This is the same architecture as the TensorFlow regression example.
Then we train this model and evaluate the model as well and get some output.
So here are some predictions.
You can see some example predictions and the actual label,
we're going to convert that to a binary output.
So we take these predictions and have some thresholds.
So in this case,
we want to put this threshold as to whether our prediction is above 130 or not,
and whether the actual value is 130.
So we'll create a score and label value field for this conversion,
and then we can take this table and actually convert this and
evaluate on classification metrics as we went over earlier.
As you can see, there's a lot of work to be done.
This is just a very naive model,
not much feature engineering,
very few features, but this hopefully shows you the end-to-end process.
I hope you have more fun with exploring different features using
some tools and TensorFlow feature columns to build other features as well.
Great job on this exercise.
You were able to build a TensorFlow model using a lot of the functionality we
went over and even converted the regression output to a binary classification output,
which we use for evaluating with some classification metrics.
So now on to the next part.